Get rid of dom4j references and replace them with dom4future where fa… (#10)
DocFinity-CDS/dom4future: README.md

> This is a fork of the dom4j project (https://dom4j.github.io/) that uses the jakarta namespace, rather than the older javax namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a mostly API-compatible fork of the dom4j project (https://dom4j.github.io/) with several important enhancements.

* Minimum Java version is 17
* The javax namespace has been removed in favor of Jakarta
```
